Summer Update: Bebarang Launch!
Published on August 13, 2011.
It’s been a while since I’ve posted on my blog; I’ve been super busy with my startup!
We finally ended up launching the latest iteration of the site, Bebarang , last week.
It’s currently by no means perfect, but what site is?
We “pivoted” from a subscription model to a one time use model.
Whether this will work remains to be seen, but we’re definitely learning a lot.
If you are a parent or know a parent, please forward the site around and let me know what you think about the concept and the product!
Also, New York is finally cooling down a bit after a crazy hot summer.
It’s starting to get really beautiful outside.
Maybe we can start working in the park once we’re kicked out of our workspace at NYU…